Introduce kubernetes operator (#416)
vectorizedio/redpanda: src/go/k8s/README.md

# Redpanda operator

> [Redpanda operator](https://github.com/vectorizedio/redpanda/src/go/k8s) is Kubernetes Operator

Author: @senior7515 could you help me answer?

> [Redpanda operator](https://github.com/vectorizedio/redpanda/src/go/k8s) is Kubernetes Operator

Reviewer: Sure thing. 

`[Official Redpanda Kubernetes operator.](link...)`

> [Redpanda operator](https://github.com/vectorizedio/redpanda/src/go/k8s) is Kubernetes Operator

Reviewer: You can add the kubernetes framework we are using, etc.

> [Redpanda operator](https://github.com/vectorizedio/redpanda/src/go/k8s) is Kubernetes Operator

Author: Ok, I added info about framework.

for managing and automating tasks related to managing Redpanda clusters.

[Redpanda](https://github.com/vectorizedio/redpanda) is a streaming platform for mission critical
workloads. Kafka® compatible, No Zookeeper®, no JVM, and no code changes required.
Use all your favorite open source tooling - 10x faster.

## Getting started

### Requirements

* Kubernetes 1.16 or newer
* kubectl 1.16 or newer
* kustomize v3.8.7 or newer
* kind v0.9.0 or newer

### Installation

#### Local installation

First clone the repo

```
git clone https://github.com/vectorizedio/redpanda.git
```

Create local Kubernetes cluster using KIND

```
export KUBECONFIG=your/path/to/kubeconfig.yaml
kind create cluster --config kind.yaml
```

> You can simply deploy the latest version stored in GCR

Reviewer 2: oh it is? We need a public image then at one point as well. If it's private we should probably not even mention it?

> You can simply deploy the latest version stored in GCR

Author: Ok I will remove this section from the docs for now. What should I do with the `kustomize` and `Makefile`? Is it ok to leave the GCR there?

> You can simply deploy the latest version stored in GCR

Reviewer 3: Since this is in alpha for now and anybody can build the image from the source for local use going with GCR seems ok for us for now. When the operator is close to release and integrated into CI, we shall push images publicly to dockerhub using CI.

> You can simply deploy the latest version stored in GCR

Reviewer: right, for k8s, we can just push to dockerhub and make it public. No one is gna run this in production until we support it, so should be fine.

> You can simply deploy the latest version stored in GCR

Author: I will push this change to the next PR.

> # Redpanda operator
> 
> [Official Redpanda Kubernetes operator](https://github.com/vectorizedio/redpanda) is automating
> tasks related to managing Redpanda clusters in Kubernetes environment. It is built using
> [kubebuilder project](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
# Redpanda Operator

[Official Redpanda Kubernetes operator](https://github.com/vectorizedio/redpanda/src/go/k8s) automates tasks related to managing Redpanda clusters in Kubernetes. It is built using the [kubebuilder project](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/kubebuilder).
```

Author: Thanks. Done

[Redpanda](https://github.com/vectorizedio/redpanda) is a streaming platform for mission critical
workloads. Kafka® compatible, No Zookeeper®, no JVM, and no code changes required.
Use all your favorite open source tooling - 10x faster.

## Getting started

### Requirements

* Kubernetes 1.16 or newer
* kubectl 1.16 or newer
* kustomize v3.8.7 or newer

> * kind v0.9.0 or newer

Author: I agree. Done
